# abook addressbook file

[format]
program=abook
version=0.6.1


[0]
name=Field,Stuart
email=Stuart.Field@ColoState.EDU

[1]
name=Martin Gelfand
email=gelfand@rams.colostate.edu

[2]
name=Richard.Eykholt@ColoState.EDU
email=Richard.Eykholt@ColoState.EDU

[3]
name=William Fairbank
email=fairbank@colostate.edu

[4]
name=Wolfgang Bangerth
email=bangerth@colostate.edu

[5]
name=Michael Mooney
email=mrmooney@colostate.edu

[6]
name=Cyrus Turner
email=turnercy@rams.colostate.edu

[7]
name=Dandaneau,Dr. D.
email=Debra.Dandaneau@colostate.edu

[8]
name=Alleman, Chris
email=cmallema@rams.colostate.edu

[9]
name=Alobaid, Sarah
email=salobaid@rams.colostate.edu

[10]
name=Castaneda, Ivan
email=icast@mail.colostate.edu

[11]
name=Coleman, Sean
email=seanbcol@rams.colostate.edu

[12]
name=Gunkelman, Robert
email=rgunk@rams.colostate.edu

[13]
name=Hardesty, Brookie
email=brookieh@rams.colostate.edu

[14]
name=Inman, Claire
email=owlgirl@rams.colostate.edu

[15]
name=Johnson, Spencer
email=thefebs@rams.colostate.edu

[16]
name=King, Brendan
email=brndnjk@mail.colostate.edu

[17]
name=Koch, Liam
email=liamkoch@mail.colostate.edu

[18]
name=Kozakis, Nathan
email=nkozakis@rams.colostate.edu

[19]
name=Mingus, Will
email=w45272@rams.colostate.edu

[20]
name=Plocher, Kevin
email=kevploch@mail.colostate.edu

[21]
name=Pradhan, Naveen
email=npradhan@rams.colostate.edu

[22]
name=Roessler, Ryan
email=ryan1127@mail.colostate.edu

[23]
name=Schmer, Kyle
email=kyle7sch@mail.colostate.edu

[24]
name=Seefried, Ethan
email=eseefrie@rams.colostate.edu

[25]
name=Sheridan, Will
email=willsher@rams.colostate.edu

[26]
name=Sosa, Sami
email=samisosa@mail.colostate.edu

[27]
name=Stephenson, Tanner
email=tstephen@rams.colostate.edu

[28]
name=Tang, Zibo
email=t70@rams.colostate.edu

[29]
name=Taylor, Connor
email=cdtaylor@rams.colostate.edu

[30]
name=Tulu, Jedidiah
email=jedidiah@rams.colostate.edu

[31]
name=Turner, Cyrus
email=turnercy@rams.colostate.edu

[32]
name=Tuttelman, Connor
email=ctutt@mail.colostate.edu

[33]
name=Vildibill, Megan
email=meggyv@rams.colostate.edu

[34]
name=Connor Taylor
email=cdtaylor@rams.colostate.edu

[35]
name=Michael Haynes
email=Antimike.Haynes@colostate.edu

[36]
name=Nathan Kozakis
email=nkozakis@rams.colostate.edu

[37]
name=Jedidiah Tulu
email=jedidiah@rams.colostate.edu

[38]
name=Brookie Hardesty
email=brookieh@rams.colostate.edu

[39]
name=Spencer Johnson
email=thefebs@rams.colostate.edu

[40]
name=Naveen Pradhan
email=npradhan@rams.colostate.edu

[41]
name=Sean Coleman
email=seanbcol@rams.colostate.edu

[42]
name=Castaneda,Ivan
email=Ivan.Castaneda@colostate.edu

[43]
name=Plocher,Kevin
email=Kevin.Plocher@colostate.edu

[44]
name=Ethan Seefried
email=eseefrie@rams.colostate.edu

[45]
name=Megan Vildibill
email=meggyv@rams.colostate.edu

[46]
name=Tuttelman,Connor
email=Connor.Tuttelman@colostate.edu

[47]
name=Koch,Liam
email=Liam.Koch@colostate.edu

[48]
name=Robert Gunkelman
email=rgunk@rams.colostate.edu

[49]
name=Tanner Stephenson
email=tstephen@rams.colostate.edu

[50]
name=Sarah Alobaid
email=salobaid@rams.colostate.edu

[51]
name=Schmer,Kyle
email=Kyle.Schmer@colostate.edu

[52]
name=Will Mingus
email=w45272@rams.colostate.edu

[53]
name=Sosa,Sami
email=Samantha.Sosa@colostate.edu

[54]
name=Will Sheridan
email=willsher@rams.colostate.edu

[55]
name=Claire Inman
email=owlgirl@rams.colostate.edu

[56]
name=Zibo Tang
email=t70@rams.colostate.edu

[57]
name=Alamos, Jose
email=alamosj@mail.colostate.edu

[58]
name=Aldawood, Rana
email=ranafd@mail.colostate.edu

[59]
name=Bekele, Yafet
email=ybekele3@mail.colostate.edu

[60]
name=Bishop, Jack
email=jackbish@mail.colostate.edu

[61]
name=Bushby, Cameron
email=cbushby@mail.colostate.edu

[62]
name=Curtiss, Riley
email=rcurtiss@mail.colostate.edu

[63]
name=Drysdale, Matt
email=mattrd@rams.colostate.edu

[64]
name=Finley, Connor
email=cwfinley@mail.colostate.edu

[65]
name=Hodges, Calvin
email=calvinh@mail.colostate.edu

[66]
name=Houth, Heinrich
email=hhouth@mail.colostate.edu

[67]
name=Huntingdon, Matthew
email=mattbh@rams.colostate.edu

[68]
name=Karandikar, Ishaan
email=ishaank@mail.colostate.edu

[69]
name=Laskie, Josh
email=jelaskie@mail.colostate.edu

[70]
name=Mahoney, Kaden
email=kjm43@mail.colostate.edu

[71]
name=Malliett, Benjamin
email=malliett@rams.colostate.edu

[72]
name=Mense, Dani
email=danimens@mail.colostate.edu

[73]
name=Mitchell, Ben
email=benmitch@mail.colostate.edu

[74]
name=Moran, Bailey
email=bmoran3@mail.colostate.edu

[75]
name=Nguyen, Duy
email=peterduy@mail.colostate.edu

[76]
name=Nguyen, Su
email=sunguyen@rams.colostate.edu

[77]
name=Nugroho, Muhamad
email=muhamad@mail.colostate.edu

[78]
name=Obenshain, Teegan
email=toben@mail.colostate.edu

[79]
name=Querry, Josh
email=josh.querry@colostate.edu

[80]
name=Ridgway, Kevin
email=mojosulo@mail.colostate.edu

[81]
name=Rodriguez, Nyzek
email=nyzek@rams.colostate.edu

[82]
name=Ruterbories, Sebastian
email=rms103co@mail.colostate.edu

[83]
name=Sawaguchi, Cash
email=cashsy@mail.colostate.edu

[84]
name=Shorey, Becca
email=rebecca.shorey@colostate.edu

[85]
name=Sprinkle, Jacob
email=sprink@mail.colostate.edu

[86]
name=Tian, Bingxin
email=btian@rams.colostate.edu

[87]
name=Valenzuela-Delgado, Angel
email=angelv6@mail.colostate.edu

[88]
name=VanArsdale, Jacob
email=jacobvan@mail.colostate.edu

[89]
name=Weimholt, Connor
email=connorwe@mail.colostate.edu

[90]
name=Eykholt,Richard
email=Richard.Eykholt@ColoState.EDU

[91]
name=Haynes,Michael
email=Antimike.Haynes@colostate.edu

[92]
name=Antimike.Haynes@colostate.edu
email=Antimike.Haynes@colostate.edu

[93]
name=Sosa,Sami
email=Samantha.Sosa@colostate.edu

[94]
name=Mooney,Michael
email=Michael.Ryan.Mooney@colostate.edu

[95]
name=Plocher,Kevin
email=Kevin.Plocher@colostate.edu

[96]
name=Roessler,Ryan
email=Ryan.Roessler@colostate.edu

[97]
name=Mooney,Michael
email=Michael.Ryan.Mooney@colostate.edu

[98]
name=Richard.Eykholt@ColoState.EDU
email=Richard.Eykholt@ColoState.EDU

[99]
name=Kristen Buchanan
email=notifications@instructure.com

[100]
name=Kristen Buchanan
email=notifications@instructure.com

